last year for the Oscars we snuck into a
stranger's very exclusive screening
party and had a blast so this year we
thought would pay back our debt and give
an unsuspecting stranger the most epic
view of the Oscars but says what we had
to offer this time is a no brainer to
say yes to we thought would add some
mystery to our pitch to strangers and
not tell them any details about the
adventure we'll be taking them on and
we'll also get them to convince a guest
that come along with them let's see who
will have enough trust in a complete
stranger with a very vague promise
another day another crazy ask from yes
theory to an unsuspecting stranger do
you have any plans to watch the Oscars
on Sunday you're not on it but if you
want I would love to turn around okay
okay nor do you want to join me watching
the Oscars and Sunday oh my good I have
an epic experience set you have plans to
watch the Oscars all right feels like
today's one of those days where people
aren't necessarily in the best human I
don't know it's just not clicking they
don't know what they're missing out on
but then the people that take that odd
chance they end up getting all the fun
so let's find those people are you guys
watching the Oscars on Sunday maybe
having a pretty amazing Oscars viewing
experience that I have two spots for
yeah we don't know do you have any plans
to watch the Oscars on Sunday I have
this epic experience set up for someone
who would say yes to that experience
without knowing what it is
are you watching the Oscars at Sunday
rain chance do you have any plans to
watch the Oscars no okay what if I told
you I have a pretty epic experience set
up the deal is I can give it to a
stranger who basically says yes to this
without knowing what that experience is
I promise I'll blow your mind
blow it will blow your mind yeah 100%
sure I have two spots and since you said
yes if you have a partner to bring them
yeah okay the only condition is you have
to be dressed stuff to just impress okay
yeah vixie they're all out I guess from
this one we just have to finalize
there's the details for Sunday I'm gonna
go and tell Thomas that the mission was
successful we are ready for an epic
Oscars day oh you already found someone
yeah the street cool guy who's the model
he's like yeah man damn son we really
gonna have the best view of the Oscars
all right it's Oscars day Josh just
texted me and said he arrived with his
guests no idea who he brought
[Music]
welcome like how did you pitch whatever
we're doing to her
that's my question just get changed and
head out and then I'll tell you by the
car what we're doing this is the fastest
you'll you have ever undressed in a
guy's room that you've met for like ten
minutes
getting dressed
[Music]
the moment of truth what the hell are
you doing the 90th academy award today
so we got invited to fly over the red
carpet last year Thomas and I snuck into
a very rich person's Oscars afterparty
AHA so this year we want you to
something that's sort of like it was
back that that no that was you as close
as we can get to the red carpet without
being invited thank you
I invited my brother my brother's like
no man Oscars net and then she is
immediate yes I was like done so Josh
and I are we're going to a party in the
sky all right all right
fly neon thank you for hooking
[Music]
[Applause]
can I stop baby dobrik and Josh Peck and
just say about the land Oh No
[Applause]
[Music]
going on a spontaneous adventure is
literally the best way to make him your
friend so we challenged you to find
someone to go on a spontaneous adventure
this video is actually sponsored by our
Twitter because it's a ghost town none
of you follow us on there I'm gonna be
answering a bunch of your questions on
Twitter today and next time Ammar Naidu
saying yes to everything for 24 hours
we'll take a bunch of your requests
through there so if you want to be a
part of that go follow us on Twitter I
guess theory I'll see you
[Music]
[Applause]